Chen Xiaodao didn't expect you to be amazing, right?
Are you really in love with me?
Grandpa asked me to help you arrange a position in the company
There is one department that is particularly suitable for you
I'm not a security guard, am I?
You're kidding me!
If grandpa knew that I asked you to work as a security guard in the company
Don't scold me to death
Special departments of the finance department
That position is especially suitable for you.
You said to ask for the account for you.
Even if I want to help you ask for the account, I have to get on the bus.
The special department of the finance department
You think I don't know anything
Yo, I have to impress you again
Hahahahaha
Mr. Sun
When did your eyesight become so bad?
Gao Mingyu, why are you here again?
Ruoxue, you are asking knowingly
So many years
Don't you know what I think about you?
I'm not interested in you, don't you know?
I don't care.
Anyway today
Won't let you marry this trash
Gao Mingyu, right?
If you don't want to get beat up
Talk to me with respect
No, no, no.
I admit you are very good at fighting
But today in this public
If you dare to hit someone
The face of the Sun family
But you lost it all
Therefore, the surname Chen should be taken as I beg you.
Hit me now
Hurry up!
I can't wait for you to do it
Then you are a turtle bastard
husband
You were so handsome when you reached out at the gate just now
Chen Xiaodao almost got it
I am at least the female president of Sun Group
One of the best in the coastal business community
Your punch
Do I still want my face?